Project Title: Organization System

Objective:
The objective of this project is to create a system for organizing materials in a workshop. The system should allow for storing and handling hardware efficiently, as well as sorting materials based on various tags.

Materials Categories:
Materials in the workshop are divided into five categories:

    Actuators
    Devices
    Processors
    Sensors
    Wires

Each material has a unique ID, name, and belongs to one of the above categories.

Shell Interface:
The system is accessed through a shell interface, which provides commands for adding, deleting, displaying, and sorting materials. The provided commands are:

    add: Add new hardware to the workshop.
    del: Delete hardware from the workshop.
    disp: Display the contents of the workshop.
    sort: Sort the materials present in the workshop based on tags.

Implementation:

    Storing and Handling Materials:
        The add command adds new hardware to the workshop. Hardware is stored in a linked list, added in reverse order.
        The del command deletes specified hardware from the workshop.
        The disp command displays the contents of the workshop.

    Sorting Materials:
        The sort command sorts the materials present in the workshop based on three tags: TYPE, NAME, and ID. Each tag can be assigned a "-r" flag to sort the materials in reverse order.
        Materials can be sorted using multiple tags, allowing for more refined sorting criteria.

Testing:
Testing can be performed using prompt files containing predefined commands. These files simulate user input to test the functionality of the system.

Example Usage:

shell

$ ./organized

Quick Testing:
Prompt files like example_test are provided to facilitate quick testing. Each line in the file represents a command to be executed by the system.

Contributing:
Contributions to this project are welcome. If you encounter any bugs or have suggestions for improvement, feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request on the GitHub repository.

License:
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for more details.

Authors:
Nicolas Dumetz
